Name: The Percy Lavon Julian Science and Mathematics Center
Time: 1972
Description: October 3, 1980, Greencastle, Ind. — DePauw University's Science and Mathematics Center, which opened in 1972, was today formally named in honor of Percy Lavon Julian, a 1920 graduate of the University and former member of DePauw's Board of Trustees, who went on to a legendary career as a chemist and inventor.

Name: GCPA
Time: 2007
Description: The Judson and Joyce Green Center for the Performing Arts is a state-of-the-art facility that inspires creativity and innovation. The Green Center includes acoustically isolated faculty studios and practice rooms, technologically “smart” classrooms, superb ensemble rehearsal spaces, a technology center, a recording studio, a comprehensive music library, and three remarkable performance halls.

Name: Prindle
Time: 2007
Description: Dedicated in 2007, the Prindle Institute for Ethics is nestled in the heart of DePauw’s Nature Park near the main DePauw campus. The innovative, sustainable design provides a space for students, faculty, and other members of our community to get away from their busy lives and reflect or work in peace. 

Name: The Lilly Physical Education and Recreation Center
Time: 1982
Description: The Lilly Center at DePauw University was expanded and renovated as the first of a three-phase process to address the university’s top priorities related to fitness, training facilities and recreational programming -- all while targeting and ultimately achieving LEED Gold certification.

Name: Asbury Hall
Time: 1930
Description: In 1930 Asbury Hall was erected on West Campus, across from Middle College. Its construction was made possible in a time of economic depression by borrowing from the university's endowment fund as well as by special gifts. Housing the social science and humanities departments, Asbury soon became one of the most frequented places on campus. 

Name: West College
Time: 1879
Description: West College was previously known as the Edifice, which was constructed in 1842, got burned in 1979 and renovated with the additions to the east and west sides of the building.  While the renovated building lacked the peculiar charm of the old Edifice, the new West College, as it was renamed, gave good service to the university for the next 50 years."  The building was declared unsafe in 1930 and demolished four years later. 

Name: East College
Time: 1870
Description: East College is DePauw’s most iconic and quintessentially collegiate building. It also is one of its oldest. Meharry Hall with its wooden blinds, high ceiling, wooden pews and a picturesque balcony, it has the feel of a vintage chapel. Some students claim it is haunted.

Name: The Richard E. Peeler Art Center
Time: 2002
Description: Designed by the internationally-acclaimed architect, Carlos Jiménez, professor at Rice University's School of Architecture, the Richard E. Peeler Art Center features three spacious, state-of-the-art galleries. The building is named for Richard E. Peeler, a 1949 graduate of DePauw. Peeler returned to his alma mater in 1958 to teach ceramics, sculpture and photography.

Name: The Justin and Darrianne Christian Center for Diversity and Inclusion
Time: 2017
Description: Spaces at the Center for Diversity and Inclusion offer a unique opportunity for student groups, university departments, and individual students to host events. Examples include, but are not limited to, reserving the board-room for meetings, the kitchen for cooking and food-based events, and the classrooms for group study sessions. The atrium is the most requested space and has been reserved for game nights, presentations, and luncheons.

Name: Memorial Union Building
Time: 1950
Description: November 9, 1946, Greencastle, Ind. - DePauw University has a pressing need for a central meeting place for its students which a new Union Building would remedy, noted speakers at today's Old Gold Day chapel.

Name: R. David and Suzanne A. Hoover Hall
Time: 2016
Description: The basement of Hoover is pretty much where all the food production happens. There is a lot going on and pickle fermentation happens to be one of those things.

Name: F.W. Olin Biological Sciences Building
Time: 1993
Description: Olin and its greenhouse were built in 1993, replacing an older greenhouse that stood behind Harrison Hall. At the time, the largest member of the collection was a cycad, a prehistoric plant that looks like a misshapen palm tree but is actually more closely related to other cone-producing gymnosperms, such as spruce or pine trees.

Name: Ullen Campus Farm
Time: 2013
Description: The DePauw Ullem Campus Farm offers exciting opportunities for students to engage in real-life applications of sustainable agriculture and environmentally friendly land use. Student interns and volunteers use organic practices to provide fresh and healthy produce for campus dining.

Name: Eugene S. Pulliam Center for Contemporary Media
Time: 1991
Description: It houses facilities for students and faculty to explore various methods of mass communication from a truly hands-on perspective. All undergraduates have the ability to be involved in any of the media organizations housed at the PCCM, or to utilize the facilities for personal or class projects. This gives students the unique opportunity to work in the many different facilities, regardless of prior experience or course of study.
